Add ip_to_reverse function (#229)
voxpupuli/puppet-extlib: REFERENCE.md

The number of seconds to use as the run interval

### <a name="extlib--ip_to_reverse"></a>`extlib::ip_to_reverse`

Type: Ruby 4.x API

No actual query is done to the DNS server, it only calculate the record that
could be added to a DNS zone file.

> If you want to effectively make a query, see voxpopuli dns-query module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to effectively make a query, see Vox Pupuli dns-query module
```

Reviewer 2: or `puppet-dnsquery`
